(Ai)
Previously
on Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS...
(Kolter)
Nice!
Soulburner's new monster
is now stronger than Roboppi's.
Now BLAZE DRAGON!
Attack LAUNDRY DRAGON!
(screams)
(Roboppi)
You... tried to destroy me...
And erase me from existence...
But I don't want
to be destroyed.
LAUNDRY DRAGON!
Exterminate his BLAZE DRAGON!
I'm the only one that's
worthy to rule the universe...
Rule the uni-...
Aww man.
Is he glitchin' out?
Roboppi ends his turn
without attacking.
Say what?
You're not attacking?
Take that back!
But Roboppi doesn't
want to attack.
It's my prophecy to win!
Prophecy?
What's that?
Roboppi's systems overloaded.
Here goes.
HEATLEO, attack DRYER DRAKE!
Bye, my friends.
Roboppi wishes you good luck!
(Soulburner)
What's that?
It's a letter... from Ai.
♪♪♪
This here is our ticket
to finding Ai.
(Varis)
Which is why you'll
be giving it to me.
Well, well...
This just became interesting.
Great, Varis.
What's he want?
And what exactly makes you think
that we would hand
this over to you?
We both want the same thing.
To stop the Dark Ignis.
What you want and I want
differ greatly, Varis.
Either way...
Hand it over to me.
No chance.
This letter isn't
addressed to you.
It's addressed
to Playmaker.
I don't care if it's addressed
to the Loch Ness Monster,
if it has the Dark Ignis's
location, I want it.
You really can't take no
for an answer, can ya?
You should realize
that I'm doing you a favor.
You don't have it in you
to do what must be done.
The Dark Ignis isn't
going to stop the war
just because you two
have a nice conversation
over tea
and cookies.
The Dark Ignis
is only going to stop
if I erase it permanently
from existence.
And you can't do that,
and I don't blame you.
You two have a long history.
And that history gets
in the way of what must be done.
So if you can't do it, I will.
No, you won't.
You heard him so you
can take your offer
and dump it in the trash.
Besides, Varis,
even if you wanna
go after Ai,
me and you, we have
some unfinished business.
We never finished
our last duel.
So why don't we
finish it now?
Why even bother.
It's just going to be
an easy victory for me.
But I never go back on my word,
so let's get this duel started.
Are you sure about this,
Soulburner?
I've never been more sure
in my entire life.
But let's have
some stakes.
If I win, you'll have
to hand over that letter.
Okay, but if I win,
you agree to leave
Ai alone forever!
That's fine by me
because if I'm not
capable of defeating you,
then that means
I'm not good enough...
to defeat a toaster.
Well, you'll find out
I'm no toaster!
For a duel of this magnitude,
I have the perfect
venue to do it justice.
(sighs)
This is the facility
where they locked us up
during the Lost Incident.
This is way not cool,
even for you!
There's nothing cool
about reminding them
about the worst
time in their lives!
My, oh my...
You sure are a mean one, Varis.
(Varis)
This is where everything
began for all of us.
So it's only fitting
that this is where everything
will end for you, Soulburner.
(grunts)
Thanks for the reminder,
not that I needed it.
The Lost Incident took
everything from me, everything.
You have
to stay calm.
Don't worry, I am calm.
I've never been
more calm in my life.
But the fact remains.
If it wasn't for you, Varis,
the Lost Incident
would never have happened.
And I'll make you
pay for that crime.
Once again,
your facts about my involvement
are incorrect,
but I'm not here
to debate history.
It's time to bring
the past to an end
if there's any hope
for a future.
For any of us.
(Both)
It's time!
Let's duel!
(Both)
It's time!
Let's duel!
Since you chose the setting,
I get to choose
to go first, Varis!
I summon SALAMANGREAT WOLVIE!
Next I activate
the spell FURY OF FIRE!
I'll only be allowed
to summon one monster
from my Extra Deck this turn,
but in exchange,
I can summon
two more SALAMANGREATS
from my hand in defense mode!
Soar, SALAMANGREAT FALCO
and SALAMANGREAT PARRO!
Now I'll use these two
to blaze my circuit!
The summoning conditions
require two Fire Monsters.
So I set FALCO and PARRO
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
You always summon
that monster, don't you?
I place one card facedown.
I end my turn.
This sequence of moves
seems familiar.
Heeeey!
Check that out.
He's using the same exact
opener as their last duel.
Seems like he's picking up...
right where they left off.
Since you've seen
these moves before
I don't want any excuses
when you lose.
Don't you worry.
I was never planning
to make excuses
because I was never
planning to lose this duel.
Now get ready!
I draw!
I'll start things off
by activating
BOOT SECTOR LAUNCH!
This Field Spell
gives me the power
to summon
up to two ROKKET monsters
from my hand in defense mode.
Therefore I'm going to summon
my SILVERROKKET DRAGON
and ANESTHROKKET DRAGON!
Then BOOT SECTOR LAUNCH's
second effect
gives my ROKKETS
300 more defense points.
Now watch as I manifest
my circuit!
I set ANESTHROKKET DRAGON
and SILVERROKKET DRAGON
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 QUADBORREL DRAGON!
But that's only the beginning!
By discarding just one card,
QUADBORREL can
destroy your monster.
So I discard ROKKET RECHARGER
to destroy your HEATLEO!
(groans)
But there's more
to QUADBORREL DRAGON's ability.
When it destroys
a Link Monster...
I get to summon or revive
a ROKKET monster
for every one of its links!
Your HEATLEO had three links!
So three ROKKETS
join the battle!
Next I activate NOCTOVISION
DRAGON's special ability!
It triggers whenever I summon
even a single
Dark Attribute Dragon,
and I summoned
a whole field of them!
I'm now allowed to summon
NOCTOVISION DRAGON
in defense mode!
That's four monsters.
This isn't good.
And now...
I manifest my circuit again!
The summoning conditions require
at least three Effect Monsters!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 BORRELOAD DRAGON!
Exactly what I didn't
want to see.
Due to NOCTOVISION's ability,
when it's used to Link Summon,
I can draw a card from my deck!
My monsters have a total
of 4000 attack points,
which is enough
to defeat you.
And you have no monsters
to defend with!
Well this duel certainly
was a fast one.
I didn't even get
my popcorn yet.
(Soulburner)
Argh!
This is the worst!
I've been wanting
this duel forever
and it's already ending?
You got what you want,
but I'm giving you
what you deserve
for challenging me!
(groans)
This duel is over.
One last attack
from BORRELOAD DRAGON
and Soulburner's
out of life points.
It's a hard lesson to learn.
But you were never
close to my level!
BORRELOAD DRAGON,
attack and end this duel!
(Varis)
BORRELOAD DRAGON!
Attack!
Looks like you fell
into my trap, Varis!
A trap known
as SALAMANGREAT GEYSER!
By returning HEATLEO
to my Extra Deck,
my trap drops your monster's
attack points!
BORRELOAD loses
a thousand attack points
for every link that HEATLEO has
until the end of the turn!
HEATLEO has three links,
so your BORRELOAD DRAGON
loses 3000 attack points!
(grunts)
And then...
I get to draw a card
for every Link Monster
that's on your field!
Guess this duel isn't over yet.
Nice one!
That was close!
Are you actually celebrating
the fact that you survived?
Clearly, these moments
must be rare.
I end my turn.
So SALAMANGREAT GEYSER's effect
also comes to an end.
And BORRELOAD DRAGON
regains its attack points.
You really thought you were
gonna win in a single turn.
You know to never
underestimate your opponent.
I don't know if you
were being disrespectful
or just plain silly.
Soulburner,
I can assure you that
it's one of the two,
and it wasn't silly.
Yeah, right.
My turn!
I feel like Varis
was brought into this world
for the sole purpose
of ruining my life.
If he thinks he's
gonna get some kudos
for stopping the Lost Incident,
he's not getting any from me.
Just looking at this place
brings back memories,
and none of them are good.
Instead, he's gonna
pay for his crimes!
I'll start my turn by summoning
SALAMANGREAT SPINNY!
And use it
to blaze my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 SALAMANGREAT BALELYNX!
Next up,
I activate SALAMANGREAT
GAZELLE's ability!
When a SALAMANGREAT
goes to the graveyard...
I can automatically
summon it from my hand!
And my BALELYNX
is no slouch either!
Now, whenever I Link Summon
this monster,
I can draw SALAMANGREAT
SANCTUARY from my deck!
And I got more
abilities I can use!
Whenever I successfully
summon SALAMANGREAT GAZELLE,
its special ability sends
one card in my deck
to the graveyard.
So FUSION OF FIRE
goes to the grave!
But I'll now bring a monster
back from the graveyard!
I can resummon SALAMANGREAT
SPINNY from my graveyard
when I already have
another SALAMANGREAT
on my field!
Another monster that's
weaker than mine.
That may be the case for now,
but I can use those
weak monsters
to build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
This wild steed blazes
through the tundra
to torch every illusion!
Rank 3 SALAMANGREAT
MIRAGESTALLIO!
Next, I activate its ability!
By using one Overlay Unit...
MIRAGESTALLIO summons
a SALAMANGREAT from my deck
in defense mode!
Here comes SALAMANGREAT
JACK JAGUAR!
Now I'll use BALELYNX
and MIRAGESTALLIO
to Link Summon again!
Link 2 SALAMANGREAT
SUNLIGHT WOLF!
My army's getting
stronger and stronger!
Yeah...
But even after all that,
Soulburner's
monsters are no match
for BORRELLOAD DRAGON.
(Playmaker)
With every new monster
that Soulburner summons,
his strategies
become more robust.
But the question is,
how many monsters can he summon
before he runs out of steam?
Once again...
I'll Link Summon!
But this is no
ordinary Link Summon!
I Reincarnation Link Summon!
Link 2 SALAMANGREAT
SUNLIGHT WOLF!
When my SUNLIGHT WOLF
reincarnates,
its special ability activates,
letting me recover
a SALAMANGREAT
spell or trap card
from my graveyard!
So, I get back my spell card
FUSION OF FIRE!
Next, JACK JAGUAR's ability
activates!
By returning SALAMANGREAT
SPINNY to my deck,
JACK JAGUAR resummons itself!
And doing so triggers
SUNLIGHT WOLF's special ability!
I get to retrieve
SALAMANGREAT WOLVIE!
Then due to WOLVIE's
special ability,
I get to retrieve another card
from my graveyard!
My trap, SALAMANGREAT GEYSER!
Why do you keep recycling
those same useless cards.
Because...
What you think is useless
is not useless now!
I set SUNLIGHT WOLF
and JACK JAGUAR
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
HEATLEO's ability activates!
Sending one of your spell
or trap cards
directly back into your deck!
Resounding Roar!
I see...
Since you know that you
can't overpower my monsters,
you're picking off
whatever you can
in an attempt
to create an opening.
But it won't work.
Last time I checked,
you're no psychic.
So you don't know that.
Wrong. I do know!
When I banish NOCTOVISION
DRAGON from my graveyard,
it protects my facedown card
from your special ability!
What?
In other words...
HEATLEO's ability
has gone cold.
In that case...
I activate
SALAMANGREAT SANCTUARY!
This Field Spell lets me use
HEATLEO to Link Summon itself!
Reincarnation Link Summon!
Rise again
from the valley of flames,
SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
And then when my SALAMANGREAT
HEATLEO is reincarnated,
it can change
your monster's attack points
to become the same
as one that's in my graveyard.
So your QUADBORREL DRAGON's
attack points
become the same
as BALELYNX's, just 500!
Oh yeah!
Now I activate the spell card
FUSION OF FIRE!
I can use your QUADBORREL DRAGON
to Fusion Summon a new
SALAMANGREAT monster!
A Soulburner surprise!
This is getting good.
You will do no such thing!
(sighs)
(Varis)
I tribute my QUADBORREL DRAGON
in order to activate the trap
BORREL BUSTER BARRIER!
I equip it
on to BORRELOAD DRAGON
and place a Counter
for every link
that QUADBORREL DRAGON had.
Now that QUADBORREL DRAGON
is gone, Soulburner,
you'll have to use
your own monsters
to Fusion Summon.
Well, well...
Varis has squeezed
Soulburner's options
like a bottle of ketchup!
(grunts)
Next time you talk trash,
you really should make sure
you can back it up.
Well I'm gonna back up
a dump truck
and dump the trash
back on your lawn
cuz I'm still gonna
Fusion Summon
using my monsters!
I fuse my WOLVIE...
with the HEATLEO on my field!
When the flames consume the old,
a new creature emerges
to reign supreme!
SALAMANGREAT VIOLET CHIMERA!
When VIOLET CHIMERA is summoned,
it gains half the attack points
of the two monsters
I used to summon it.
Since SALAMANGREAT WOLVIE
and SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO
have a combined
4000 attack points...
VIOLET CHIMERA gains
2000 attack points,
raising it to 4800!
That means it's stronger
than my BORRELOAD.
Unreal,
Soulburner
just turned the tables
and reset all the silverware.
Just to be safe,
I equip VIOLET CHIMERA
with the Equip Spell
SALAMANGREAT KERNEL!
Here I go!
VIOLET CHIMERA attack
BORRELOAD DRAGON!
And for more damage,
if you battle a monster
that's equipped
with SALAMANGREAT KERNEL,
your monster loses
800 attack points!
What?
Sweet, Soulburner!
You're not the only one
that can lower
their opponent's attack points.
My BORRELOAD can reduce
a monster's attack
points by 500.
And there's nothing
you can do to stop it!
But my monster is still
stronger than yours!
And just wait,
it's going to get
even more powerful!
Since your monster's
attack points changed,
VIOLET CHIMERA's
attack points double!
It has 8600 attack points!
That's enough to end this duel!
I activate
BORREL BUSTER BARRIER's effect!
By removing one Counter,
the damage I take
is cut in half!
(groans)
Now, since the battle's over,
VIOLET CHIMERA's attack points
are no longer doubled.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
You played everything you
had to try to take me down,
but you failed.
Oh I have plenty
of resources left,
unlike the life points
you have left.
(thunders)
Hmmm.
Any duelist worth
a grain of salt
knows that a duel isn't over
as long as you have
a single life point.
And I am not one you should ever
give a second opportunity to.
♪♪♪